Update readme.md (#22)
ununu-p2p/ink-desktop: README.md

Experimental [Electron](https://electronjs.org/) application (using [nextron](https://github.com/saltyshiomix/nextron)) for our "Git for Music" P2P collaboration and tracking platform.

## Usage
Install all dependencies via `npm install` (tried with Node.js 12.4).

> You need to generate a SENDGRID TOKEN(Sendgrid Web API key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to [generate a SENDGRID TOKEN](#Steps-to-generate-SENDGRID-TOKEN). Create a .env file in repo directory and add `SENDGRID_TOKEN= YOUR_TOKEN_HERE`. Run the development server with `npm run dev`, and build packages with `npm run build`. You may need to specify respective packaging targets.
```

> Steps to generate SENDGRID TOKEN:

Reviewer: It is nice that you have created a detailed list of points to generate the SENDGRID Token because our users could be non technical people and terminology could be a problem but, I don't think everyone would like to read that. Use https://gist.github.com/asabaylus/3071099 Markdown Anchors. Create a heading below Generate Sendgrid token and here in the steps just add the hyperlink

> Steps to generate SENDGRID TOKEN:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Steps to generate SENDGRID TOKEN
```

1. Go to https://sendgrid.com and login. If you don't have a sendgrid account create one for free.

2. After logging in go to settings and under settings click on WEB API KEYS.

3. Click on CREATE API KEY.

4. Give name to the API key and give it full access.

5. You will get a WEB API KEY(that is your sendgrid token).

> 6. Create a .env file in repo directory and type `SENDGRID_TOKEN=` and paste your sendgrid token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Run the development server with `npm run dev`, and build packages with `npm run build`. You may need to specify respective packaging targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the development server with `npm run dev`, and build packages with `npm run build`. You may need to specify respective packaging targets.
```

Experimental [Electron](https://electronjs.org/) application (using [nextron](https://github.com/saltyshiomix/nextron)) for our "Git for Music" P2P collaboration and tracking platform.

## Usage
Install all dependencies via `npm install` (tried with Node.js 12.4).

> You need to [generate a SENDGRID TOKEN](#Steps-to-generate-SENDGRID-TOKEN) and you need to [generate a GITHUB TOKEN](#Steps-to-generate-GITHUB-TOKEN).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a .env file in repo directory. You need to generate a [SENDGRID TOKEN](#Steps-to-generate-SENDGRID-TOKEN) and a [GITHUB TOKEN](#Steps-to-generate-GITHUB-TOKEN).
```

Run the development server with `npm run dev`, and build packages with `npm run build`. You may need to specify respective packaging targets.

If some errors occur, especially due to native bindings, try to reinstall and rebuild all dependencies via `npm ci`.

> # Steps to generate SENDGRID TOKEN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Steps to generate SENDGRID TOKEN
```

- Go to https://sendgrid.com and login.

- If you don't have a sendgrid account create one for free.

- After logging in go to settings and under settings click on WEB API KEYS.

- Click on CREATE API KEY. Give name to the API key and give it full access.

> - You will get a WEB API KEY(that is your sendgrid token). Create a .env file in repo directory and type `SENDGRID_TOKEN=YOUR_TOKEN_HERE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You will get a WEB API KEY(that is your sendgrid token). Add the token in .env file as  `SENDGRID_TOKEN=YOUR_TOKEN_HERE`.
```

> # Steps to generate GITHUB TOKEN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Steps to generate GITHUB TOKEN
```
